WELCOME, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
TO "THE LATE SHOW."
I'M YOUR HOST, STEPHEN COLBERT.
THERE ARE SO MANY--
( APPLAUSE ).
( CHEERS )
THERE ARE SO MANY INVESTIGATIONS
SWIRLING AROUND DONALD TRUMP
RIGHT NOW THAT R. KELLY IS LIKE,
"I'M GLAD I'M NOT THAT GUY."
(  LAUGHTER  )
AND THE MAJORITY OF AMERICANS
THINK HE IS GUILTY OF SOMETHING.
ACCORDING TO A POLL THAT CAME
OUT YESTERDAY, 64% THOUGHT TRUMP
HAD COMMITTED CRIMES BEFORE HE
BECAME PRESIDENT, INCLUDING
33% OF REPUBLICANS.
AND, YET, HIS APPROVAL RATING
WITH REPUBLICANS IS 82%.
"POLICE!
POLICE!
HE JUST STOLE MY WALLET!
STOP THAT MAN!
I WANT TO VOTE FOR HIM!"
(  LAUGHTER  )
BUT-- BUT--
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
CHIN STROKER.
BUT UNLIKE HIS CHEESEBURGERS,
TRUMP IS NOT TAKING THESE
INVESTIGATIONS LYING DOWN.
(  LAUGHTER  )
ACCORDING TO ONE OF HIS
BIOGRAPHERS, IN HIGH SCHOOL,
TRUMP LEARNED ONE THING ABOVE
ALL ELSE: "LIFE IS ABOUT
SURVIVAL.
IT'S ALWAYS ABOUT SURVIVAL,"
REALLY?
THAN HOW DO YOU EXPLAIN THIS
PICTURE?
THAT IS A CRY FOR HELP.
TRUMP IS FIGHTING BACK.
HE IS STONEWALLING THE
CONGRESSIONAL INVESTIGATION INTO
FIRST SON-IN-LAW AND MAN TRYING
TO COMMUNICATE TO HIS WIFE THAT
HE'S READY TO LEAVE THE PARTY,
JARED KUSHNER.
(  LAUGHTER  )
YOU SEE, HERE'S THE DEAL:  JARED
KUSHNER'S SECURITY CLEARANCE WAS
REPEATEDLY OPPOSED BY THE
INTELLIGENCE AGENCIES.
ONE OF THE REASONS IS THAT HE
LEFT SO MANY FOREIGN CONTACTS
AND FINANCIAL INTERESTS OFF
HIS ETHICS DISCLOSURE PAPERWORK
THAT HE HAD TO UPDATE IT AT
LEAST FORTY TIMES.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT THEY SAY:
"IF AT FIRST YOU DON'T SUCCEED,
REMIND THEM THAT YOU'RE
MARRIED TO THE PRESIDENT'S
DAUGHTER."
(  LAUGHTER  )
SO JARED GOT IT ANYWAY, AFTER
"TRUMP ORDERED OFFICIALS TO GIVE
JARED KUSHNER A SECURITY
CLEARANCE."
ONE OF THE FEW TRUMP ORDERS THAT
DID NOT END WITH, "AND A SIDE OF
FRIES."
SO, SO, SO--
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
THANK YOU.
SO, THE HOUSE OVERSIGHT
COMMITTEE, THE DEMOCRATS SAID,
"HEY, HOW DID YOU COME TO THIS
DECISION?"
BUT YESTERDAY, THE WHITE HOUSE
TOLD DEMOCRATS THEY WON'T HAND
OVER THE KUSHNER SECURITY
DOCUMENTS.
SO, NOW THE HAVE TO GET THEM
FROM RUSSIA.
AND WE KNOW THIS IS HOW IT WENT
DOWN, BECAUSE THEN-CHIEF OF
STAFF JOHN KELLY WROTE A
CONTEMPORANEOUS INTERNAL MEMO
ABOUT HOW HE HAD BEEN ORDERED TO
GIVE MR. KUSHNER THE TOP-SECRET
CLEARANCE.
IT'S ALL GOING INTO HIS WHITE
HOUSE TELL-ALL, "SIIIIGH."
AND JARED--
(  LAUGHTER  )
( APPLAUSE )
AND JARED'S NOT THE ONLY ONE WHO
GOT A SECURITY CLEARANCE OUT OF
THE DISCOUNT BIN.
SO DID FIRST DAUGHTER AND WOMAN
WATCHING ANOTHER BRUNCH PARTY
GET SEATED, EVEN THOUGH THEY
JUST GOT HERE, IVANKA TRUMP.
WOW.
SHE GOT A TOP-SECRET SECURITY
CLEARANCE!
ALL BARACK OBAMA'S DAUGHTERS GOT
WAS A PUPPY.
BUT IT MAKES SENSE.
BECAUSE IVANKA NEEDED CLASSIFIED
INTEL ON CHINA'S HUMAN RIGHTS
ABUSES TO SEE IF IT IS POSSIBLE
TO PAY HER WORKERS ANY LESS.
>> Audience: OOOOH.
>> Jon: OH, NO!
>> Stephen: SOME OF THE
IVANKA'S WORKERS ARE HERE
TONIGHT, EVIDENTLY.
"TIGHTEN UP ON THOSE SEAMS.
TIGHTEN UP ON THOSE SEAMS,
GIRLS."
TRUMP MADE HIS STAFF PUSH FOR
IVANKA'S CLEARANCE INSTEAD OF
HIM PUSHING FOR IT TO AVOID THE
APPEARANCE OF NEPOTISM.
THAT'S A GOOD IDEA.
HERE'S ANOTHER WAY: DON'T HIRE
YOUR CHILDREN.
AND THIS MORNING, TRUMP'S FORMER
LAWYER, MICHAEL COHEN, RETURNED
TO CAPITOL HILL FOR PRIVATE
TESTIMONY TO THE HOUSE
INTELLIGENCE PANEL.
ONE THING THAT MIGHT HAVE COME
UP WERE THE CHECKS THAT TRUMP
WROTE TO REIMBURSE COHEN FOR
PAYING OFF STORMY DANIELS.
IT'S AN ACCOUNTING METHOD KNOWN
IN THE PAYROLL INDUSTRY AS
"A CRIME."
TECHNICALLY.
WELL, "THE NEW YORK TIMES" GOT
THEIR HANDS ON A BUNCH OF THOSE
CHECKS, AND THE DATES ARE
REVEALING.
IT TURNS OUT, TRUMP WOULD BE
DOING PRESIDENT STUFF, THEN IN
IN THE MIDDLE OF DOING THE
PRESIDENT STUFF, HE WOULD STEP
OVER HERE AND CUT A CHECK TO
CHOEN.
WHICH "THE TIMES" DESCRIBES AS
"THE PARALLEL LIVES TRUMP WAS
LIVING."
I BELIEVE HE HAS PARALLEL LIVES.
WE'RE EVENTUALLY GOING TO FIND
OUT ABOUT HIS SECRET FAMILY HE
HAS STASHED IN THE ATTIC OF
TRUMP TOWER.
AND IF YOU DON'T LIKE ERIC AND
DON JUNIOR, WAIT TILL YOU MEET
DERRICK AND RON JEENIOR.
(  LAUGHTER  )
( APPLAUSE )
THAT IS REALLY FRIGHTENING.
>> Jon: OH!
>> Stephen: THAT IS
DISTURBING.
>> Jon: THAT IS PRETTY WILD!
(  LAUGHTER  )
( APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: HERE'S AN EXAMPLE OF
THIS DOUBLE LIFE.
ONE CHECK, FROM EARLY 2017, WAS
SIGNED THE SAME DAY TRUMP PULLED
ASIDE JAMES COMEY AND SUGGESTED
"LETTING FLYNN GO."
"LISTEN, JAMES, LET THIS ONE GO.
JUST BE PATIENT.
I SWEAR, I'VE GOT MUCH BETTER
CRIMES COMING UP."
(  LAUGHTER  )
BY THE WAY, THE EXACT DATE OF
THAT CHECK WAS FEBRUARY 14th.
VALENTINE'S DAY.
ISN'T THAT SWEET?
THAT'S KIND OF NICE, YOU KNOW.
"HONEY, I LOVE YOU SO MUCH THAT
I JUST CUT A CHECK SO YOU'LL
NEVER FIND OUT HOW MUCH I GET
LOVE-- (BLEEP).
YOU GET THE IDEA.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
YOU GET THE IDEA!
JUST--
"SO YOU'LL NEVER FIND OUT HOW
MUCH I LOVE GETTING SPANKED BY
SOMEBODY ELSE."
AND-- AND-- TRAUMATIC
REENACTMENT.
(  LAUGHTER  )
AND THEN THERE WAS ANOTHER
ACTUAL CHECK ON NOVEMBER 21,
2017, THE DAY WHEN TRUMP PARDON
AID TURKEY.
AND YOU CAN TELL STORMY WAS ON
HIS MIND THAT DAY, BECAUSE IF
YOU WATCH, HE SURE SEEMED TO BE
RELIVING SOME OF HIS BEST
MOMENTS WITH HER.
>> AM I ALLOWED TO TOUCH IT?
>> ABSOLUTELY.
>> WOW.
I FEEL SO GOOD ABOUT MYSELF
DOING IT.
(  LAUGHTER  )
( APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: RIGHT AFTER THAT,
THE TURKEY HIRED MICHAEL
AVENATTI.